INTERNATIONAL SPACE STATION
MARS PILGRIM.
7th MISSION. DAY 1
Subtitled by Asmita/BioHapzard
This is Dr Miranda North. Quarantine Officer
aboard the International Space Station
Today the Pilgrim Council
with it's valuable Mars Soil samples...
completes it's 8 month return from Mars
Preparing to receive these samples...
has been the purpose of our mission
these last few months
But the pilgrim capsule is damaged
At 0630 UTC...
Pilgrim was struck by debrief
and we had off course
Rory Adam whose space walk..
established visual contact
with the incoming space capsule.
he'll grab it with the remote arm
We have been waiting a long time
for this sample
and Rory is placing himself
at great risk to secure it.
- Over and out. UME
- 4.7 psi. pure O2.
So how you gonna do it?
I wouldn't do it that way.
- Dr. Jordan. that's your best defence?
- Faster!
Nitrogen is zero.
- Dr. North?
- In airlock.
Rory. slow to go fast.
- Or fast to go fast.
- Deliberate. We're here to get fast.
- Remember. 8 billion people.
- Rory. if you can't get it back...
Spoiler alert They'll fucking save me.
If you can't. just push the capsule
into deep space. ok? Do you hear me?
Can you give me remove TOC. sorry. CDC.
sorry I am afraid?
I got a big operation.
I need to concentrate.
- I just wanted...
- I can't hear you.
I love you too.
- EMU at 4.7 psi.
- Where is the remote?
Here's. The arm is yours.
Full Manual.
Let's go... careful
Sorry. you know.
- No more sorries.
- Miranda to the please.
- David. are you on the way?
- I'm on my way.
- Slow. Sho.
- Excuse me.
How do you say "breathe" in Japanese?
This was supposed to be a routine.
Air lock is sealed.
I'm... walking.
04:35 UTC.
After striking to. no response.
Inbound on a collision course with the ISS
Initiate emergency course correction
and manual retrieval.
Arm online.
Transferring control to wireless
Station to control
Initiating sequence.
- So the committee...?
- You Let me worry about the committee.
Where's Rory?
- He is at risk out there
- Easy folks. mics online.
Ready.
Sho?
Thrusters up.
Hold in your position.
I have control of the arm
You wanna die so soon?
No. I get paid by flying
I have a good feeling about this.
Yeah?
Rory is gonna deal with that sample.
Right to your lab.
Prepare for course correction.
.O52905 .076
You never trained for this.
5. 4. 3. 2. 1.
New capsule to dip 3. negative 0.50.
Proximity alert.
Ignore the proximity alert.
New Station trajectory: Negative 0.32.
The capsule is gonna miss us. just.
- Rory?
- I'm still gonna reach it.
It's coming in shallow.
Any moment now.
8. maybe 9 clock.
I'm having fun.
You guys having fun?
Rory...
- if you miss...
- Yeah. ya. ya. ya.
And...
Just gonna skip off the atmosphere
like a flat stone on water.
Just fly off it to nowhere
and then we are done.
Okay.
There!
- There.
- I see it.
Here we go This is fun.
Rory. you have to
move. it's gonna hit you.
That's bad.
Please Rory. move.
Station to control. Visual
confirmation of Mars Capsule Pilgrim
I used to play catcher.
but only in...
- Rory?
- Not now.
Not now. Come here.
Come on. come on come on!
Rory?
he caught it!
Yo!
Que Instagram!
I do wanna do it.
- Point and shoot. motherfucker!
- It's okay.
Mars capsule in lock position.
I'm coming home.
This is mission Commander.
Ekaterina Golovkina.
Tell the committee. Pilgrim's landed
on Plymouth rock.
The Mars samples are safe & sound.
Copy that. Commander.
Congratulations.
ISS
PILGRIM 7
Ready?
We are recording.
06:40 UTC.
Pilgrim was not just
seeing things on the Mars soil.
We are looking at a large single cell...
Inert.
Un-unmistakably biological.
And like organisms on Earth.
it has what appears to be a nucleus
cytoplasm.
The cell wall is thick.
These hairs look like cilia longer than
we used to see on Earth.
More like a flagella.
- What's the temperature?
- -110.
Stop. bring that up.
Minus 82.
Even quicker.
Minus 55.
This is some Re-Animator shit.
That's very obscure reference.
- Oh. For a nerd. no.
- Not if you're a nerd.
Minus 17.
Zero degrees.
Oh come on.
18...
19...
20 degrees Celsius.
Nothing.
Update?
I'm gonna try different atmosphere.
Closer to Proterozoic Earth
than today's Mars.
Less oxygen...
more carbon dioxide.
And then when Sho's ready...
a growth medium.
In this case. glucose.
Come on. dance.
Did it just move?
Hugh?
My God.
It worked.
You woke it.
We are looking at the first
incontrovertible proof of life beyond Earth.
Oh. it's beautiful.
Our first question is from Allen.
He is 9 years old.
And Allen. what is your question
for Commander Golovkina?
Is it green?
It's not visible at all actually.
it is microscopic. A single cell.
To put in the perspective.
your body is made up of trillions.
There is an alien inside of me?
I bet your teacher sometimes thinks so.
We have another question
from 8 year old Marrie.
Are you bringing the alien back to Earth?
No. we are gonna keep it up here.
We're gonna study it where it's safe.
Commander?
The ISS is the most expensive
house ever built.
200 billion American dollars and counting
because we keep adding rooms.
It flies around Earth 16 times a day.
In 30 years. over one hundred people
have lived here...
thanks to generous countries like Russia
the USA and China.
We call this Tranquility node.
Dr. Jordan here is about to break
the record for consecutive days on space.
473 straight.
Your mommy must miss you.
She does. but I have family here.
Yes. it kind of teases him
because his mommy misses him.
She is one of our newest crew members.
Miranda North...
From the Centers for Disease Control.
She is a doctor too.
You guys are witnessing a space triathlon.
Yeah I'm winning.
We have another question
from from 7 year old Layla.
We think. This question
is a little personal.
Go Ahead.
How do you go to the bathroom?
Funnel.
Tube.
And a little suction.
Everything we do on the ISS
is like everything you do on earth
- Except difference. You like peas?
- Yeah.
And your name yet?
For that we gonna go down live...
Just out side our studio in Times Square
one very brave class mate.
Hi. Dominique.
Hi.
Calvin Coolidge Elementary School...
Was chosen among 11.000 schools...
for this honor.
Will you name the Martian...
after our school.
"Calvin".
Control? Control?
If you are listening. probably are
cause it's creepy that way...
Can I rant for a second
about the micromanagement?
We are not blood filled human puppets.
I came from a long lived plumbers.
I can fix a shower.
I can't.
Hell. Hugh doesn't shower anyway.
It's British.
First international incident.
Don't be an ugly American.
Wow. who is ugly now?
I nailed Step 17.
I am a very good looking American
All I see. it's right there.
Control. sorry about him.
Control can't hear you.
I do not know where rage
like that comes from.
Can you please just fix the shower?
I can do this myself.
Yeah. I know.
Just haven't.
Doctors always so bad at
looking after themselves. Aren't they?
You've spent too much time up here.
The atrophy has accelerated.
And you're close to the limit.
Gleaming in the gap?
I like it up here.
When I was in the military. we go to Syria.
You know.
We set up a hospital.
Treat all the casualties. and then...
we come back a week or two later. and...
whole village would just be bombed out.
That earth isn't all Syria though. is it?
Can't stand the way we do
to each other down there.
But it's home. and it's beautiful.
Don't you miss anything?
What you missed? Fresh water or birds...
the trees?
I like the hum up here.
And the air.
What you've achieved
with Golov is remarkable. Hugh.
I haven't had a chance to say that.
Thank you. I think these are proofs
to be greatest days of my life.
I wish I had a time machine
so I could visit the 10 year old me.
Did you want to be an astronaut?
He wanted to get out of the wheelchair.
And how does he feel now?
Like a bird.
Don't get me wrong.
I don't hate the chair.
I love it.
For the sake of the anonymous genius
who invented it.
You're one of a kind. Hugh.
Goodnight.
PILGRIM 7
- 1120 UTC.
- Hold on to your helmets.
The glucose intake is very rapid.
The specimen cells have began
to mutate on mass as a unit.
And they also share electrical activity.
in what resembles a growing neural network.
Notice I didn't say "brain".
Dr. North speaking.
It's our educated opinion
that this new species.
it is not a colonial flux
divided single cell organisms...
but one larger solitary
organism composed of.
trillion of identical cooperative cells.
Here's what's fascinating.
I made it so fascinating. isn't it?
Unlike most multi-setup organism.
Every set of Calvin's can perform
every somatic functions on its own.
Every single cell is simultaneously.
a muscle cell and a nerve cell...
and a photo-receptive cell.
So the creature as a whole...
Is a very very different..
all muscle
no brain. no eye.
As such. Calvin now possess the means
to interact with its environment.
including the use of what
appear to be proto-appendages.
I will demonstrate.
I notice how it's approaching
and not retreating.
Its curiosity outweigh its fear.
That's beautiful.
Hello. Calvin.
How does that feel. Hugh?
You're going to be a daddy.
It's gonna be a big custody
battle over this one.
You can. Kazumi.
You can do this. Kazumi.
I do what I can.
I'm doing my best.
It's coming.
Almost there. Push!
Any moment now. okay. push
Easy to say.
Easy for you to say.
You can. Kazumi.
You can do it. Kazumi.
You can. you can!
You can do it. you can do it.
Sho! Sho...
Yes. I can see it
Its okay.
Push! Push.
You'll be able to meet Mei soon.
You can.
You can do it.
"And that there was more of it
during the night. We can observe to.
how the recollection of a dream.
which was still live in the morning.
will melt away. except for
a few small fragments.
This book doesn't have
pictures in it. doesn't it?
Obviously not.
Would you prefer that
I don't read it out loud.
Guys. guys.
Meet Mei.
Hey. Mei!
- Say hi to everybody. Mei.
- Hey. Mei!
- That beautiful!
- Congratulations!
Thank you.
"Nice to meet you".
You have any idea who the father is?
- Shut up.
- Another one!
Story time.
It was my favorite.
You might say it's my
first foray into space.
- Thank you so much.
- Thank you. Commander.
- Thank you guys.
- It's beautiful. Sho.
Thank you!
Seriously. that kid has blue eyes.
EEI PILGRIM7 MISSION.
DAY 25
It's the lab.
Miranda. check the O2 in the lab.
Level is on 21.
We're okay for contamination.
We're okay.
Calvin is safe.
I don't understand how this happened.
Nothing in that laboratory can malfunction.
The clamp. It fell.
It's on me.
No shit it's on you.
A 5 year old could've spotted that.
Protecting this firewall. yes.
That's my job but I can't do it alone.
Kibo was not designed for strict firewall
lockdown and neither was the station.
There is zero precedent for any of these.
But you do not come out of that lab
without triple checking everything.
Do not go in that lab without a proper rest.
For all I know. We are carrying
Anthrax on board.
You can't compare Calvin to Anthrax.
I know these five guys back home
that can do my job.
Nobody can do yours except you.
I don't want to be around that thing.
I am not qualified to be around that thing.
I understand. I'm just saying you
can't compare Calvin to Anthrax.
Stop. Stop calling him fucking Calvin!
We don't know what that thing is.
You went in and play it around
like it's your buddy.
I'm your buddy.
You're drunk on this. Wake up.
This isn't and will never be
a controlled experiment.
So let's all agree we made our
first and last mistake.
I miss my fucking dog.
Goodnight.
Dr. Miranda North.
quarantine officer. 23:20 UTC.
After weeks of stunning growth and activity.
Calvin is completely inactive.
We believe that is likely
due to the clamp failure in the lab.
Which caused the temperature
change in Calvin's box.
Our working theory is that
this hibernation may be a defense mechanism.
Everyone here is on edge.
Hugh of course has been beating himself up.
but honestly I'm relieved.
Calvin was growing very fast...
and this is now giving me time to reinforce
firewalls precautions with the crew.
The box must stay sealed
the lab must stay sealed.
No matter the risk to Calvin.
It is just floating.
Because of my mistake...
in the lab.
And it was going so well.
What?
Something my dad used to say.
"It was all going so well."
I'm toying with the idea of stimulate
it electrically. What you think?
- That's not my call.
- What if it were?
I don't know.
My job is lines of defense.
Imagine the worst thing that could happen...
and then the worse after that
and worse after that. and then I...
I planned for all of them.
I understand that.
But risks are taken for a reason.
Because of Calvin.
we can learn so much about life.
Its origin. its nature.
perhaps even its meaning.
I know.
You're a doctor.
Stem cell research.
What if Calvin can make stem cell obsolete?
Help cure the incurable?
Reverse the irreversible?
I have to fix this.
Good.
You ready?
- Stretch.
- Okay.
And... relax.
Ready.
You sure it won't hurt it?
It is a very very low voltage.
We only stimulate it.
What exactly are you hoping for?
I'm hoping to wake him up.
We'll see under what conditions
will it reengage with its environment.
C'mon in.
Shocking the monkey.
Trying another spot.
Nothing.
Even at the cellular level.
Are you sure it's not beca...
Dead?
It is alive. just in a deep sleep.
Oh. cmon. Calvin.
Wake up.
Shit!
- What's wrong?
- It broke the wand.
I'm gonna try to pull my hand out.
You can do that but
make sure to protect the glove.
- Shit.
- She gripping the glass. Okay. Okay.
Motherfucker.
How hard is he holding on to you?
Like a firm handshake.
Funny it doesn't hurt.
but it is very strong.
- What is the problem?
- He's got Hugh's hand.
His heart rate is 165.
Sho. Can we
trust the glove?
It's very tight.
The glove is not going anywhere.
It's fine
- Shit.
- Okay. but...
Just relax.
Tell him to relax.
Derry? Look at me.
Relax.
Just relax your hand.
It's between my fingers.
Can I make a suggestion?
Can I go in there and take it out?
No. you're not going to go in there.
No. Of course you're not.
Because I've to maintained quarantine.
I can. I can do it.
- Can you try and distract it.
- Yes.
I'll see if I can interest it with the bar.
Go on. my favorite little muffin.
Cmon. Cmon.
He lost interest.
He's got my hand.
Hugh?
Hey. Hugh!
- What the hell is going on?
- No one is going in!
- Cmon wait!
- Who's going in?
Waiting for what?
Don't do this!
I don't give a shit about
your fucking quarantine!
Who gave you this jurisdiction?
Just open the door!
Wait. wait. wait!
He's out.
Guys. look at him.
Oh God.
Jesus.
What are his vitals?
126 and dropping.
What's it doing?
Holy. shit.
Jesus Christ.
Okay.
You guys got eyes on it anywhere?
Hey. there.
There.
Guys?
- Fuck this!
- No!
- Let him go.
- Hey buddy.
Watch his hand.
Get him! Adams!
Yes.
David. I need you here.
Rory...
I can not let you out.
Oh... shit.
- Hugh. Hugh?
- That's.
- Look at me.
- Let me see. yes?
Guys?
Suggestions?
Get the oxygen candle! Burn it off!
Yes Yes.
Fuck.
Okay. Alright.
What now?
How do we get him out?
We need to get Calvin
back behind firewall 1.
Once he's ok. we pull Rory out.
Fuck this. Permission..
to fucking kill that thing.
Commander?
Kill it.
Sho? Any suggestions?
What about the incinerator?
I like that.
Alright. Genuis.
Close the red valve.
Disengage the clamp.
Disconnect the hose.
- Be careful. Rory.
- Fuck!
There is limited fuel.
- Manual override.
- Thank you.
Okay.
Rory. yo...
Yes.
Fuck!
You're wasting too much fuel.
Rory!
Rory? Hey!
Rory. Stop. stop!
Rory?
You have no fuel.
It's behind you!
Jesus!
Fuck!
Somebody open up the fucking door!
And pull him out!
Just open up the door!
The thing is strangling Rory.
What is he saying? Rory. Rory?
Kat! We gotta open the door!
Do not! It is the protocol!
Fucking protocol! Just open the door!
There's a man dying in there!
Guys?
Guys.
Sho...
It's so much bigger.
Jesus!
- Guys?
- Sho.
Guys.
It's trying to get out.
The CPU overrules us.
It's searching for a way out.
- The system won't give me access to it.
- Go manual.
Shut them down.
Okay?
How smart is this thing?
It feels the air flow.
- I can not control them all at once.
- Then shut them one by one.
Seal the lab!
- Shut it down. Shut it down now!
- We're on it.
He's just gone.
- It got out.
- Where did it go?
Can be anywhere now.
Firewall 2 has failed.
Kat...
We need to re-establish quarantine.
I will get a distress call out.
Control this is Station.
Station to control.
The specimen's location is unknown.
It is to be considered hostile and deadly.
Our attempt is to isolate and destroy
In compliance with protocol.
We will continue set course of us
unless otherwise instructed
Please acknowledge and advice.
Kat. we lost.
- How was it?
- Some... I think.
There is no way to be sure.
Communications just failed.
Can we talk to each other?
David?
It's Kat.
Do you copy?
Call for David.
Still. we've lost
contact with the Earth.
I dont think...
Wait.
Yes. outside communications are down.
Do the sprinklers affect comms?
No. They are
independent systems.
Can we run a diagnostic from here?
The transmitter has failed.
But. we have to go outside to access it
and get Earth back online.
Then I have to walk.
Let me.
After Rory. I'm best qualified
to go up and repair.
This is not protocol.
It's way too risky if you go up there...
to fix the comms.
We don't know where Calvin is.
Haven't had your Nitrogen detoxified.
Your health is my responsibility.
- I'll be fine
- Yup.
Is it you say?
"Slow is fast". right?
Yeah. "Slow to go fast."
Well. that's how to end up.
We can escape in our lifeboats.
Earth is the responsibility.
Nothing goes down to the planet.
It was stipulated in writing.
What are you talking about?
What was stipulated in writing?
What was stipulated?
First things first.
When we're back in touch with control.
we'll turn our with Calvin.
Don't worry.
Rate: 61 beats per minute.
Pressure: 97/53
Perhaps you're relaxed.
But she is relaxed.
Aren't you. Kat?
Suit's running warm.
Like Siberia in summer.
I'm at the transmitter.
Commencing on site diagnostics.
It overheated.
I can tell.
How?
It's scorchy.
I will pitch up the coolant levels.
Is it possible Calvin could've
gotten into coolant?
Possible.
We have to know.
There is the issue.
Commander?
It's about dry.
Calvin is a carbon-based organism.
It needs food. water.
and oxygen. Just like us.
We have to consider the
possibility it consumed the coolant.
Could you list all the water
sources abroad. Pure or otherwise.
There is plenty of drinking water.
Coolant from the communications.
Coolant from the CPU...
and there is coolant form the...
Commander?
Calvin just came out.
then poured up to my suit.
It's bigger.
It's trying to get in.
Trust your suit.
- Can it breathe out there?
- No.
But it might be able to store oxygen
for a period of time.
I am closing the valve.
It's squeezing.
Kat. Kat.
Are you okay?
Yes. The suit
is thick enough.
It's twisting up your leg.
Go. Go to the airlock now.
Fuck this. I'm headed to the airlock.
I'm going to walk her off.
Kat. Focus on meeting David.
We will worry about the comms later.
Sho?
There is liquid in the helmet.
Calvin must have broken the cooling tool.
Kat. there is enough coolant...
Yes I know.
I know.
David...
- Meet me at the airlock
- What? Yeah. Go. go!
It's is squeezing harder.
Calvin cracked the cooling system
in her suit.
Commander.
Calvin knows exactly what he is doing.
It's getting smarter.
The liquid is blocking my visual
I don't have time.
I have got to jump.
Kat. the tether won't reach
I'm unclipping.
Kat?
No comments.
I have got to jump.
Tether is getting out of the channel.
She is not gonna tell you. that's her heart
is beating out of her chest
She is choking.
Copy that.
Sho. I got no time for EVA.
Using the launch suit.
It's not designed for this.
It is not enough protection.
- I know. don't worry
- Kat has less than a minute.
- Check the airlock!
- What about decompression?
- Do it!
- It's gonna hurt.
- Your helmet sealed?
Guys. we're running out of time.
Kat. Kat...
Don't swallow.
It is toxic. okay?
I need you to help me open the valve.
We'll do it together. okay?
Pull down.
And you're gonna go clockwise to your side.
Okay?
There you go.
Good. good good.
Do not worry about Calvin.
We are gonna get you inside and get it off.
Kat?
No. clockwise from your side!
clockwise from your side!
Kat. come on!
- Miranda?
- Yeah. I'm here.
She's fighting me!
She's turned the lever the wrong way!
Hold...
Kat. you're fighting me! Kat. Come on!
Kat. we do it together now! Come on!
Kat. Come on. Please!
- Look at me! Kat!
- Just pull on the Lever. okay?
Kat. come on!
Come on! Just pull down on the lever!
Kat! Come on. You can do this!
David. she's doing it deliberately.
Come on!
Kat!
- Kat!
- David. stop.
Stop.
She is not letting Calvin back in here.
Kat..
Commander..
Kat.
What's going on?
Guys. guys. can you copy?
Yeah. yeah I copy.
We keep it together.
We may have an opportunity here.
Calvin's ability to survive in that
vacuum and temperature is astonishing.
But it can not live much longer out there.
Sho?
Are you sure that we lost
all communication with the Earth?
I am sure.
You are right then
We have to keep him out there.
We have a new firewall.
David. Can
you see it?
I'm seeing. um.. Sho?
- Yes.
- Can you re-flood the airlock?
You tell me when.
Did she close that valve?
Yeah. she closed it.
What are ways he can get in?
The thrusters.
Manifolds in the thruster nozzles.
If it tries one. we could clash it off.
But we have to know which.
It's too dark.
I can't see anything.
There must be some way.
Thruster sensors.
If it climbs in the nozzle.
the temperature should move.
Should.
Alright.
- There!
- Thruster 2. Fire it.
Miranda. Can you reach Tranquility?
We missed! Cut it!
Guys. heading toward your way..
No! It's heading towards the lab!
I'm sorry. guys. I can't see.
It's okay if we want to.
- Kibo.
- Thrusters 3 firing.
Come on!
Please!
Thruster's five!
David. can you see it?
Thruster Five
Sho?
CRITICALLY LOW FUEL
What was that?
We've burnt through too much fuel.
We already low after the pilgrim.
Doc. listen.
All these thrusting...
We've placed ourselves in to decaying orbit.
We'll reach atmosphere soon
if I don't get us back to stable
And I need the rest of the fuel to do it.
if we even have that much.
No. David?
We can not risk Calvin
riding us down into the atmosphere
I do not know if...
could it survive there?
We don't know.
It has already gone more beyond
what any living organism
should be able to survive
If it's between and here
we are letting it down there..
We let it in here.
Where are you?
We just let it back in here.
Moving us back into stable orbit.
These creatures could have dominated Mars
a hundreds of millions of years.
But now we know that they hibernate
for the loss of atmosphere
If we deprive it of air. retreat to
Tranquility and seal ourselves off
And vent the rest of the station...
Exactly.
Without life support.
there is no life.
Right.
Ok. Hugh and I will sweep from quest east
And...
You and Sho scan the poles and
lock off each compartment
This will take about..
- 4 hours to vent all Oxygen
- What do we do till then?
We wait.
You okay?
Derry. Hey.
You're okay?
I'm fine.
I remember the day
the Challenger blew up.
They took us out of school early...
I remember that day.
It's hard to watch people die.
Like...
Fireworks.
Up up...
And long. delirious. burning blue.
I topped the windswept heights
with ease and grace
Best elegy ever
Rory says:
"Don't give me an elegy"
"Give me a parachute. "
He was my buddy.
It's my fault.
It's all my fault.
Maybe it was your fault.
maybe it was my fault. Maybe...
It doesn't matter. does it?
Getting that thing onboard was a risk
and I knew it from beginning.
We took it.
It's just surviving.
Life's very existence requires destruction.
Calvin does not hate us.
But he has to kill us.
in order to survive.
Hugh.
- Hugh
- Wait.
Quiet.
hey. Hugh.
That's fine.
Sorry because all the...
Hugh?
There is no output.
Give me the defib.
- Help him right.
- Okay.
- Held it down.
- I'll stroke him in.
- You got the sling to take off?
- Yeah
Sho. get me ACLS kit and defibrillator.
Hugh.
Here.
Prep the defibrillator. get the shocks now.
- 360 joules.
- Copy 360 joules.
Charging.
Clear.
- Charging.
- Still defibrillator in.
Just set the shocks
to the highest. Go. 360.
Clear!
- Nothing.
- Go Again. 360.
- Go Again. hit him.
- Clear.
Alright. alright
Okay. output.
Yeah.
Ok. sinus rate: 98 beats pm
You just scared me there buddy.
David?
What is this?
Stabilizing.
Get the plasma cutter.
Calvin's feeding on his leg.
Go. Get out of here.
- Let's go
- Come on
Miranda. let's go!
Go away from Hugh. Sho!
- We'll get him!
- Miranda. let's go!
Sho!
No!
Guys?
Calvin?
We don't know where he is.
- Where is Sho?
- He'll be fine.
Restart over oxygen at the end Station.
Let me up.
Oh..Miranda.
Up up.
I'm coming home. Mei.
You know what I feel is not scientific.
It's not rational.
I feel hate.
I feel pure...
Fucking...
hate for that thing.
Calvin.
How is that moving like that?
He has to swallow the Derry's leg.
Yes.
We can track it.
Let's kill this thing.
Lifting Zarya now.
It is suffocating.
How long do you think
that's gonna take?
I don't know.
Proximity alert.
They're coming. Kat's distress
call must have reached to earth.
Like where they docking?
Shit.
Seems like Zarya.
Shit. that's where Calvin is.
Is it?
Station to Soyuz.
Station to Soyuz. do you copy?
- Station to Soyuz. do you copy?
- Try the flashlight.
Look at one!
Can't see this.
It's too reflective
Shit.
What the fuck are they doing?
David.
David!
They are not coming to rescue us.
It is firewall 3.
What?
Firewall 1 was the box.
The firewall 2 was the lab.
The firewall 3 is the station.
We have a new firewall.
They don't know that.
And if firewall 1 or 2 fail.
they have two choices.
They can Contain...
or expel..
They are pushing us out to deep space.
They can not risk Calvin reach Earth.
It was my protocol.
I insisted from the beginning.
and the committee agreed.
They all put their names on it.
The list is as long as your arm.
Look. protecting firewall is my job.
And if we would have succeeded.
we could have gone home.
And if we fail...
Wait for me. Mei
Sho. He thinks
it's a rescue.
He is heading towards Calvin.
Sho!
Sho. can you hear us?
Take my hand!
Don't let go. Sho!
No. don't let go!
Let go!
No! Sho!
Miranda!
The CPU is still up.
It's a miracle.
We are...
We're losing life support.
The temperature is dropping rapidly.
Atmosphere denting from everywhere.
I don't know how to stop it.
How much time do we have?
In here?
Two hours. maybe an hour and 45.
I need a...
- What?
- Fuck.
- What is it?
- What?
- We're...
We are not moving into space.
The opposite
All that fucked up thrusting.
we are decaying again.
What?
Sho has a subroutine here.
Can't correct any course. which
we gonna need fuel...
We'll get to the atmosphere in a...
39 minutes.
We're not gonna survive re-entry.
Calvin could.
It's so cold.
GOOD NIGHT MOON
My father used to read this
to me as a child.
Goodnight room.
Goodnight Moon.
Good night. cow jumping over the moon.
Good night. light...
and the red balloon.
Goodnight nobody.
You know when I saw my
first picture of Earth.
And I asked my father where are those...
all those lines.
Borders.
I will miss him.
"Good night Moon"
"Good night. stars"
"Good night air"
Eight.
Calvin needs oxygen to survive.
With the O2 level sub low in the rest of
the ship. it will targeting oxygen candles
We can use them as bait
There are two lifeboats. A and B.
Both set to default entry trajectory.
You press the button.
the AutoPilot then helps to surface
Unless somebody..
somebody overrides that from the inside.
I'll use the Oxygen candles
to lure Calvin to boat A.
I close the hatch. You press the button
to give me full manual control.
If I can hold the stick
I can override the flight path.
And I hold it long enough.
It will avoid re-entry.
We fly it into deep space.
With.. With Calvin.
Yes.
Meanwhile. you get into the boat B.
You press the button.
If there are no complications.
Then it takes you back home.
We should not in together.
Come on Miranda.
- It doesn't make any sense
- Why?
The lifeboats are made for one person.
And this has been your plan from all along.
So make sure that creature
doesn't get to Earth.
- Then I should be Plan A.
- No. I'm the pilot.
You're the Plan B.
Listen. listen.
I belong up here.
I do not want back down there living with
those motherfuckers.
I just want you to say you trust me.
Yeah?
I do.
I trust you.
Wait here.
I'll signal you
LOW OXYGEN
Shit!
Fuck.
This is mission specialist Dr. David Jordan.
commanding Soyuz lifeboat A.
22:33 UTC.
The ISS has entered
catastrophic orbital decay.
Initiating emergency sequences 5...
4... 3...
2... 1.
Come on. Miranda. get going.
Initiating manual override
This is Dr. Miranda North. Black box
recording. in case of death upon re entry.
The creature killed four of
six ISS astronauts
With fifth. Dr. David Jordan. presumably
dead. carrying it out into deep space.
My five colleagues. all sacrificed
themselves to maintain the firewalls.
Please..honor them for giving
everything to this cause.
Mars life forms should be
considered hostile.
Do not underestimate their intelligence
and there adaptive capabilities.
Now we do not learn
how to restrain or eliminate it...
And if this creature ever reaches Earth...
use every available resources to destroy...
or you'll risk all human life.
No no no! Do not!
SYSTEM FAILURE
No no!
No!
No no no!
Oye...
Wait. Wait. no. no. no!
Subtitled By Asmita/BioHapzard